Hi Alissia!

I absolutely love the idea and design of the website! It's very ambitious and I love how you've aimed high on this first assignement. It's way more complex than what it needed to be, ad on desktop it looks are works great.

The problem is on mobile the site appears broken. The site doesn't appear to be responsive at all and unfortunatley reesponsive web design is one of the requirements of the assignment - it's by far the most important thing in modern web development.

An example is the logo has thhi stlying:
.logo {
    position: absolute;
    top: 150px;
    left: 500px;
}
On a mobile screen of 375px the logo is outside the fram n page load, and the user will be able to scroll sideways.

A lot of the images and the main video "stretch" on mobile. 

The html is referencing a lot of classes that aren't support by css - I suggest deleting any class that isn't in the css and then adding what you need.

The organisation of files could be better - make html, css, js and images directories to orgganise the files

I'd like you to fix up the mobile issues and resubmit  - push changes to github and let me when I should have another look. I would like you to try an make this site work, it'll be amazing experience to view on a mobile if fixed but as said this is well beyond what is required for this assignment so if you want to you can remove elements to make it less complex and quicker to fix

There is no time limit to resubmit, and my job is to help you learn FE development, so feel free to take it one step at a time. The contact page is the least complex, so perhaps try to make it work on mobile then move on to the next page. I'm available to help with any thing you need, so please reach out if you get stuck on anything.


*************************************

CRITERIA FOR GRADING

*************************************

GODKÄNT:
-------------------------------------

3 separate pages: ✅

A header with a page title on every page: ✅

A navigational menu every page with links to the other pages: ✅

Contact form:
    Email: ✅
    Message: ✅
    Required: ✅
    Mail to: ✅
    Email should also be required but no big deal

RWD:
    Desktop: ✅
    Mobile: ❌

External CSS: ✅

-------------------------------------

VÄLGODKÄNT:
-------------------------------------

Current page indication in the menu: ❌

Responsive Image: ❌

RWD:
  Media Query: ✅
  Flex/Grid: ❌
  Lots of references to flex in the html, but those classes don't exist in css
  For example:
  <div class="d-flex justify-content-center align-content-center mt-5 pt-4 flex-wrap h-25"> from index.js.
  This looks like a div with classes generated by some kind of JS, likely a react component. The issue is none of these classes exist in thhe css in your project, so no styling is applied.

Separate CSS: ✅
  Semantic: ✅

Semantic Element naming: ❌
The html elements should have classes that are targetted in the CSS.

Code Style:
  HTML:
  CSS: ✅
  Classes with 2 names  like ".titlePicture" sould be written as ".title-picture"